for you who want quality you wanting comfort you who has few 3ºc
who wants to think about winning you who wants a car that suits you from the rig
of the images that we have prepared for you to have classified of alagoas'
direct from the brand tel the cdl under which they make the launch of the new jetta
never what you think comments we are showing you here in
pacification first hand august
your future car a car really
out of the ordinary we invite you once again to take the test drive and
enjoy the promotions
this wonder is the new manager
another was injured in the attack of the sales sector here of new vehicles
today has a car that this year among the new jetta it came some versions
as how the exchange is automatic
and the mechanical exchange was arrested
well indeed
the jet already existed in our market, right?
only now that volkswagem has really created the new project the map a new
quality standard
that inclusive and today the
the vehicle in the world of volkswagen is
and a brand new dna is right so car was also decisive has a great
optional package we were the jeep we had in the old jetta
I'm not
badrawi the option is not today
the clientele can come to mattel
You can come and meet the getafe.
and we have several dual packages and manual injury exchange costs as
exit exchange
six-speed automatic as well as top-of-the-line
carolina it leaves with the dsg exchange that today is the most modern exchange of the world
nowadays this value that we are showing now is one of the points
announced
there are other engines only what is needed
this post we are not seeing now is the comfort beyond the high points
there is the high line version ecomoto tse two points was the 200 hp bull
in fact today for the segment né it is the vehicle that has the largest
is the highest performance bibi balancing ability davis combines everything well
those interested can attend will have a role this Saturday today until 14
hours
they can do other cities of the state we have there with those
position in the clientele era
to come and meet the car to get tested for AIDS
and it is well at the will of those who want to come to know the lawsuit that to take a turn
in the car, not to rivers
after the prisoner went home to see the procon here in his process and like everything
world already knows the inmate has already been released by braztoa sector retailers
we would see part
and 65 thousand and 800
and will hit 95 thousand in the top-of-the-line online version then prices the
River values ​​are very flexible today you have vehicles in 65 to 95
thousand when you can fit into this range of options and accessories
you can aggregate the vehicle lift so today the customer actually has it
a choice of several models with various items and in them that fit the
true in your pattern
david kipping to buy actually so today I get very happy one
the brokerage company put it on the market - according to ico,
goal
and today we have with a very large range of price options and values'
product problem and be very interesting
come here to find latina mapel in gustavo paiva and know how to dry what the
people make a point of showing the talent show and the fiscal panel has a
tax finish is out of the ordinary enjoyed your family too
consequence
a new machine this athlete here at the motel turn us back in
next show already showing other offers direct here of the death or by its
sale off